% New table dragrace with column(s) franchise country allstars ru season contestants episodes year winner created
% Added 59 rows to dragrace from position 0 to 58
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 59 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
Printed 0 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
Printed 44 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 15 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
Printed 0 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 15 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars franchise season ru 
rpdr 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dreas 1 false 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drt 1 false drt 1 false 
drt 1 false drt 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 1 false 
drt 1 false cdr 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 3 false 
drt 1 false cdr 4 false 
drt 1 false drh 1 false 
drt 1 false drh 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 1 false 
drt 1 false drdu 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 3 false 
drt 1 false dre 1 false 
drt 1 false dre 2 false 
drt 1 false dre 3 false 
drt 1 false dri 1 false 
drt 1 false dri 2 false 
drt 1 false dri 3 false 
drt 1 false drf 1 false 
drt 1 false drf 2 false 
drt 1 false drp 1 false 
drt 1 false drp 2 false 
drt 1 false drbe 1 false 
drt 1 false drbe 2 false 
drt 1 false drs 1 false 
drt 1 false drm 1 false 
drt 1 false drbs 1 false 
drt 1 false drg 1 false 
drt 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 1 false dreas 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 1 false 
drt 2 false cdr 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 3 false 
drt 2 false cdr 4 false 
drt 2 false drh 1 false 
drt 2 false drh 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 1 false 
drt 2 false drdu 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 3 false 
drt 2 false dre 1 false 
drt 2 false dre 2 false 
drt 2 false dre 3 false 
drt 2 false dri 1 false 
drt 2 false dri 2 false 
drt 2 false dri 3 false 
drt 2 false drf 1 false 
drt 2 false drf 2 false 
drt 2 false drp 1 false 
drt 2 false drp 2 false 
drt 2 false drbe 1 false 
drt 2 false drbe 2 false 
drt 2 false drs 1 false 
drt 2 false drm 1 false 
drt 2 false drbs 1 false 
drt 2 false drg 1 false 
drt 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 1 false drh 1 false 
cdr 1 false drh 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 1 false dre 1 false 
cdr 1 false dre 2 false 
cdr 1 false dre 3 false 
cdr 1 false dri 1 false 
cdr 1 false dri 2 false 
cdr 1 false dri 3 false 
cdr 1 false drf 1 false 
cdr 1 false drf 2 false 
cdr 1 false drp 1 false 
cdr 1 false drp 2 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 1 false drs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drm 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drg 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 2 false drh 1 false 
cdr 2 false drh 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 2 false dre 1 false 
cdr 2 false dre 2 false 
cdr 2 false dre 3 false 
cdr 2 false dri 1 false 
cdr 2 false dri 2 false 
cdr 2 false dri 3 false 
cdr 2 false drf 1 false 
cdr 2 false drf 2 false 
cdr 2 false drp 1 false 
cdr 2 false drp 2 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 2 false drs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drm 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drg 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 3 false drh 1 false 
cdr 3 false drh 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 3 false dre 1 false 
cdr 3 false dre 2 false 
cdr 3 false dre 3 false 
cdr 3 false dri 1 false 
cdr 3 false dri 2 false 
cdr 3 false dri 3 false 
cdr 3 false drf 1 false 
cdr 3 false drf 2 false 
cdr 3 false drp 1 false 
cdr 3 false drp 2 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 3 false drs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drm 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drg 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 4 false drh 1 false 
cdr 4 false drh 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 4 false dre 1 false 
cdr 4 false dre 2 false 
cdr 4 false dre 3 false 
cdr 4 false dri 1 false 
cdr 4 false dri 2 false 
cdr 4 false dri 3 false 
cdr 4 false drf 1 false 
cdr 4 false drf 2 false 
cdr 4 false drp 1 false 
cdr 4 false drp 2 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 4 false drs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drm 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drg 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 1 false 
drh 1 false cdr 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 3 false 
drh 1 false cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false drh 1 false 
drh 1 false drh 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 1 false 
drh 1 false drdu 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 3 false 
drh 1 false dre 1 false 
drh 1 false dre 2 false 
drh 1 false dre 3 false 
drh 1 false dri 1 false 
drh 1 false dri 2 false 
drh 1 false dri 3 false 
drh 1 false drf 1 false 
drh 1 false drf 2 false 
drh 1 false drp 1 false 
drh 1 false drp 2 false 
drh 1 false drbe 1 false 
drh 1 false drbe 2 false 
drh 1 false drs 1 false 
drh 1 false drm 1 false 
drh 1 false drbs 1 false 
drh 1 false drg 1 false 
drh 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 1 false dreas 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 1 false 
drh 2 false cdr 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 3 false 
drh 2 false cdr 4 false 
drh 2 false drh 1 false 
drh 2 false drh 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 1 false 
drh 2 false drdu 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 3 false 
drh 2 false dre 1 false 
drh 2 false dre 2 false 
drh 2 false dre 3 false 
drh 2 false dri 1 false 
drh 2 false dri 2 false 
drh 2 false dri 3 false 
drh 2 false drf 1 false 
drh 2 false drf 2 false 
drh 2 false drp 1 false 
drh 2 false drp 2 false 
drh 2 false drbe 1 false 
drh 2 false drbe 2 false 
drh 2 false drs 1 false 
drh 2 false drm 1 false 
drh 2 false drbs 1 false 
drh 2 false drg 1 false 
drh 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 2 false dreas 1 false 
drdu 1 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dre 1 false drt 1 false 
dre 1 false drt 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 1 false 
dre 1 false cdr 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 3 false 
dre 1 false cdr 4 false 
dre 1 false drh 1 false 
dre 1 false drh 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 1 false 
dre 1 false drdu 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 3 false 
dre 1 false dre 1 false 
dre 1 false dre 2 false 
dre 1 false dre 3 false 
dre 1 false dri 1 false 
dre 1 false dri 2 false 
dre 1 false dri 3 false 
dre 1 false drf 1 false 
dre 1 false drf 2 false 
dre 1 false drp 1 false 
dre 1 false drp 2 false 
dre 1 false drbe 1 false 
dre 1 false drbe 2 false 
dre 1 false drs 1 false 
dre 1 false drm 1 false 
dre 1 false drbs 1 false 
dre 1 false drg 1 false 
dre 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 1 false dreas 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 1 false 
dre 2 false cdr 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 3 false 
dre 2 false cdr 4 false 
dre 2 false drh 1 false 
dre 2 false drh 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 1 false 
dre 2 false drdu 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 3 false 
dre 2 false dre 1 false 
dre 2 false dre 2 false 
dre 2 false dre 3 false 
dre 2 false dri 1 false 
dre 2 false dri 2 false 
dre 2 false dri 3 false 
dre 2 false drf 1 false 
dre 2 false drf 2 false 
dre 2 false drp 1 false 
dre 2 false drp 2 false 
dre 2 false drbe 1 false 
dre 2 false drbe 2 false 
dre 2 false drs 1 false 
dre 2 false drm 1 false 
dre 2 false drbs 1 false 
dre 2 false drg 1 false 
dre 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 2 false dreas 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 1 false 
dre 3 false cdr 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 3 false 
dre 3 false cdr 4 false 
dre 3 false drh 1 false 
dre 3 false drh 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 1 false 
dre 3 false drdu 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 3 false 
dre 3 false dre 1 false 
dre 3 false dre 2 false 
dre 3 false dre 3 false 
dre 3 false dri 1 false 
dre 3 false dri 2 false 
dre 3 false dri 3 false 
dre 3 false drf 1 false 
dre 3 false drf 2 false 
dre 3 false drp 1 false 
dre 3 false drp 2 false 
dre 3 false drbe 1 false 
dre 3 false drbe 2 false 
dre 3 false drs 1 false 
dre 3 false drm 1 false 
dre 3 false drbs 1 false 
dre 3 false drg 1 false 
dre 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 3 false dreas 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 1 false 
dri 1 false cdr 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 3 false 
dri 1 false cdr 4 false 
dri 1 false drh 1 false 
dri 1 false drh 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 1 false 
dri 1 false drdu 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 3 false 
dri 1 false dre 1 false 
dri 1 false dre 2 false 
dri 1 false dre 3 false 
dri 1 false dri 1 false 
dri 1 false dri 2 false 
dri 1 false dri 3 false 
dri 1 false drf 1 false 
dri 1 false drf 2 false 
dri 1 false drp 1 false 
dri 1 false drp 2 false 
dri 1 false drbe 1 false 
dri 1 false drbe 2 false 
dri 1 false drs 1 false 
dri 1 false drm 1 false 
dri 1 false drbs 1 false 
dri 1 false drg 1 false 
dri 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 1 false dreas 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 1 false 
dri 2 false cdr 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 3 false 
dri 2 false cdr 4 false 
dri 2 false drh 1 false 
dri 2 false drh 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 1 false 
dri 2 false drdu 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 3 false 
dri 2 false dre 1 false 
dri 2 false dre 2 false 
dri 2 false dre 3 false 
dri 2 false dri 1 false 
dri 2 false dri 2 false 
dri 2 false dri 3 false 
dri 2 false drf 1 false 
dri 2 false drf 2 false 
dri 2 false drp 1 false 
dri 2 false drp 2 false 
dri 2 false drbe 1 false 
dri 2 false drbe 2 false 
dri 2 false drs 1 false 
dri 2 false drm 1 false 
dri 2 false drbs 1 false 
dri 2 false drg 1 false 
dri 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 2 false dreas 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 1 false 
dri 3 false cdr 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 3 false 
dri 3 false cdr 4 false 
dri 3 false drh 1 false 
dri 3 false drh 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 1 false 
dri 3 false drdu 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 3 false 
dri 3 false dre 1 false 
dri 3 false dre 2 false 
dri 3 false dre 3 false 
dri 3 false dri 1 false 
dri 3 false dri 2 false 
dri 3 false dri 3 false 
dri 3 false drf 1 false 
dri 3 false drf 2 false 
dri 3 false drp 1 false 
dri 3 false drp 2 false 
dri 3 false drbe 1 false 
dri 3 false drbe 2 false 
dri 3 false drs 1 false 
dri 3 false drm 1 false 
dri 3 false drbs 1 false 
dri 3 false drg 1 false 
dri 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 3 false dreas 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 1 false 
drf 1 false cdr 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 3 false 
drf 1 false cdr 4 false 
drf 1 false drh 1 false 
drf 1 false drh 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 1 false 
drf 1 false drdu 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 3 false 
drf 1 false dre 1 false 
drf 1 false dre 2 false 
drf 1 false dre 3 false 
drf 1 false dri 1 false 
drf 1 false dri 2 false 
drf 1 false dri 3 false 
drf 1 false drf 1 false 
drf 1 false drf 2 false 
drf 1 false drp 1 false 
drf 1 false drp 2 false 
drf 1 false drbe 1 false 
drf 1 false drbe 2 false 
drf 1 false drs 1 false 
drf 1 false drm 1 false 
drf 1 false drbs 1 false 
drf 1 false drg 1 false 
drf 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 1 false dreas 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 1 false 
drf 2 false cdr 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 3 false 
drf 2 false cdr 4 false 
drf 2 false drh 1 false 
drf 2 false drh 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 1 false 
drf 2 false drdu 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 3 false 
drf 2 false dre 1 false 
drf 2 false dre 2 false 
drf 2 false dre 3 false 
drf 2 false dri 1 false 
drf 2 false dri 2 false 
drf 2 false dri 3 false 
drf 2 false drf 1 false 
drf 2 false drf 2 false 
drf 2 false drp 1 false 
drf 2 false drp 2 false 
drf 2 false drbe 1 false 
drf 2 false drbe 2 false 
drf 2 false drs 1 false 
drf 2 false drm 1 false 
drf 2 false drbs 1 false 
drf 2 false drg 1 false 
drf 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 2 false dreas 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 1 false 
drp 1 false cdr 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 3 false 
drp 1 false cdr 4 false 
drp 1 false drh 1 false 
drp 1 false drh 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 1 false 
drp 1 false drdu 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 3 false 
drp 1 false dre 1 false 
drp 1 false dre 2 false 
drp 1 false dre 3 false 
drp 1 false dri 1 false 
drp 1 false dri 2 false 
drp 1 false dri 3 false 
drp 1 false drf 1 false 
drp 1 false drf 2 false 
drp 1 false drp 1 false 
drp 1 false drp 2 false 
drp 1 false drbe 1 false 
drp 1 false drbe 2 false 
drp 1 false drs 1 false 
drp 1 false drm 1 false 
drp 1 false drbs 1 false 
drp 1 false drg 1 false 
drp 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 1 false dreas 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 1 false 
drp 2 false cdr 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 3 false 
drp 2 false cdr 4 false 
drp 2 false drh 1 false 
drp 2 false drh 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 1 false 
drp 2 false drdu 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 3 false 
drp 2 false dre 1 false 
drp 2 false dre 2 false 
drp 2 false dre 3 false 
drp 2 false dri 1 false 
drp 2 false dri 2 false 
drp 2 false dri 3 false 
drp 2 false drf 1 false 
drp 2 false drf 2 false 
drp 2 false drp 1 false 
drp 2 false drp 2 false 
drp 2 false drbe 1 false 
drp 2 false drbe 2 false 
drp 2 false drs 1 false 
drp 2 false drm 1 false 
drp 2 false drbs 1 false 
drp 2 false drg 1 false 
drp 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 2 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 1 false drh 1 false 
drbe 1 false drh 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 1 false dre 1 false 
drbe 1 false dre 2 false 
drbe 1 false dre 3 false 
drbe 1 false dri 1 false 
drbe 1 false dri 2 false 
drbe 1 false dri 3 false 
drbe 1 false drf 1 false 
drbe 1 false drf 2 false 
drbe 1 false drp 1 false 
drbe 1 false drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 1 false drs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drm 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drg 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 2 false drh 1 false 
drbe 2 false drh 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 2 false dre 1 false 
drbe 2 false dre 2 false 
drbe 2 false dre 3 false 
drbe 2 false dri 1 false 
drbe 2 false dri 2 false 
drbe 2 false dri 3 false 
drbe 2 false drf 1 false 
drbe 2 false drf 2 false 
drbe 2 false drp 1 false 
drbe 2 false drp 2 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 2 false drs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drm 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drg 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 2 false dreas 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drs 1 false drh 1 false 
drs 1 false drh 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drs 1 false dre 1 false 
drs 1 false dre 2 false 
drs 1 false dre 3 false 
drs 1 false dri 1 false 
drs 1 false dri 2 false 
drs 1 false dri 3 false 
drs 1 false drf 1 false 
drs 1 false drf 2 false 
drs 1 false drp 1 false 
drs 1 false drp 2 false 
drs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false drs 1 false 
drs 1 false drm 1 false 
drs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drs 1 false drg 1 false 
drs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 1 false 
drm 1 false cdr 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 3 false 
drm 1 false cdr 4 false 
drm 1 false drh 1 false 
drm 1 false drh 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 1 false 
drm 1 false drdu 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 3 false 
drm 1 false dre 1 false 
drm 1 false dre 2 false 
drm 1 false dre 3 false 
drm 1 false dri 1 false 
drm 1 false dri 2 false 
drm 1 false dri 3 false 
drm 1 false drf 1 false 
drm 1 false drf 2 false 
drm 1 false drp 1 false 
drm 1 false drp 2 false 
drm 1 false drbe 1 false 
drm 1 false drbe 2 false 
drm 1 false drs 1 false 
drm 1 false drm 1 false 
drm 1 false drbs 1 false 
drm 1 false drg 1 false 
drm 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drm 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbs 1 false drh 1 false 
drbs 1 false drh 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbs 1 false dre 1 false 
drbs 1 false dre 2 false 
drbs 1 false dre 3 false 
drbs 1 false dri 1 false 
drbs 1 false dri 2 false 
drbs 1 false dri 3 false 
drbs 1 false drf 1 false 
drbs 1 false drf 2 false 
drbs 1 false drp 1 false 
drbs 1 false drp 2 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbs 1 false drs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drg 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 1 false 
drg 1 false cdr 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 3 false 
drg 1 false cdr 4 false 
drg 1 false drh 1 false 
drg 1 false drh 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 1 false 
drg 1 false drdu 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 3 false 
drg 1 false dre 1 false 
drg 1 false dre 2 false 
drg 1 false dre 3 false 
drg 1 false dri 1 false 
drg 1 false dri 2 false 
drg 1 false dri 3 false 
drg 1 false drf 1 false 
drg 1 false drf 2 false 
drg 1 false drp 1 false 
drg 1 false drp 2 false 
drg 1 false drbe 1 false 
drg 1 false drbe 2 false 
drg 1 false drs 1 false 
drg 1 false drm 1 false 
drg 1 false drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false drg 1 false 
drg 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drg 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 9 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 10 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 11 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 12 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 13 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 14 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 15 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
Printed 1726 rows from joining dragrace to dragrace
% Created hash index for table dragrace on column winner, with 57 distinct keys
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 59 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
Printed 0 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
Printed 44 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 15 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars franchise season ru 
rpdr 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dreas 1 false 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drt 1 false drt 1 false 
drt 1 false drt 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 1 false 
drt 1 false cdr 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 3 false 
drt 1 false cdr 4 false 
drt 1 false drh 1 false 
drt 1 false drh 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 1 false 
drt 1 false drdu 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 3 false 
drt 1 false dre 1 false 
drt 1 false dre 2 false 
drt 1 false dre 3 false 
drt 1 false dri 1 false 
drt 1 false dri 2 false 
drt 1 false dri 3 false 
drt 1 false drf 1 false 
drt 1 false drf 2 false 
drt 1 false drp 1 false 
drt 1 false drp 2 false 
drt 1 false drbe 1 false 
drt 1 false drbe 2 false 
drt 1 false drs 1 false 
drt 1 false drm 1 false 
drt 1 false drbs 1 false 
drt 1 false drg 1 false 
drt 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 1 false dreas 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 1 false 
drt 2 false cdr 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 3 false 
drt 2 false cdr 4 false 
drt 2 false drh 1 false 
drt 2 false drh 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 1 false 
drt 2 false drdu 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 3 false 
drt 2 false dre 1 false 
drt 2 false dre 2 false 
drt 2 false dre 3 false 
drt 2 false dri 1 false 
drt 2 false dri 2 false 
drt 2 false dri 3 false 
drt 2 false drf 1 false 
drt 2 false drf 2 false 
drt 2 false drp 1 false 
drt 2 false drp 2 false 
drt 2 false drbe 1 false 
drt 2 false drbe 2 false 
drt 2 false drs 1 false 
drt 2 false drm 1 false 
drt 2 false drbs 1 false 
drt 2 false drg 1 false 
drt 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 1 false drh 1 false 
cdr 1 false drh 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 1 false dre 1 false 
cdr 1 false dre 2 false 
cdr 1 false dre 3 false 
cdr 1 false dri 1 false 
cdr 1 false dri 2 false 
cdr 1 false dri 3 false 
cdr 1 false drf 1 false 
cdr 1 false drf 2 false 
cdr 1 false drp 1 false 
cdr 1 false drp 2 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 1 false drs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drm 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drg 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 2 false drh 1 false 
cdr 2 false drh 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 2 false dre 1 false 
cdr 2 false dre 2 false 
cdr 2 false dre 3 false 
cdr 2 false dri 1 false 
cdr 2 false dri 2 false 
cdr 2 false dri 3 false 
cdr 2 false drf 1 false 
cdr 2 false drf 2 false 
cdr 2 false drp 1 false 
cdr 2 false drp 2 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 2 false drs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drm 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drg 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 3 false drh 1 false 
cdr 3 false drh 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 3 false dre 1 false 
cdr 3 false dre 2 false 
cdr 3 false dre 3 false 
cdr 3 false dri 1 false 
cdr 3 false dri 2 false 
cdr 3 false dri 3 false 
cdr 3 false drf 1 false 
cdr 3 false drf 2 false 
cdr 3 false drp 1 false 
cdr 3 false drp 2 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 3 false drs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drm 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drg 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 4 false drh 1 false 
cdr 4 false drh 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 4 false dre 1 false 
cdr 4 false dre 2 false 
cdr 4 false dre 3 false 
cdr 4 false dri 1 false 
cdr 4 false dri 2 false 
cdr 4 false dri 3 false 
cdr 4 false drf 1 false 
cdr 4 false drf 2 false 
cdr 4 false drp 1 false 
cdr 4 false drp 2 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 4 false drs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drm 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drg 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 1 false 
drh 1 false cdr 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 3 false 
drh 1 false cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false drh 1 false 
drh 1 false drh 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 1 false 
drh 1 false drdu 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 3 false 
drh 1 false dre 1 false 
drh 1 false dre 2 false 
drh 1 false dre 3 false 
drh 1 false dri 1 false 
drh 1 false dri 2 false 
drh 1 false dri 3 false 
drh 1 false drf 1 false 
drh 1 false drf 2 false 
drh 1 false drp 1 false 
drh 1 false drp 2 false 
drh 1 false drbe 1 false 
drh 1 false drbe 2 false 
drh 1 false drs 1 false 
drh 1 false drm 1 false 
drh 1 false drbs 1 false 
drh 1 false drg 1 false 
drh 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 1 false dreas 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 1 false 
drh 2 false cdr 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 3 false 
drh 2 false cdr 4 false 
drh 2 false drh 1 false 
drh 2 false drh 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 1 false 
drh 2 false drdu 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 3 false 
drh 2 false dre 1 false 
drh 2 false dre 2 false 
drh 2 false dre 3 false 
drh 2 false dri 1 false 
drh 2 false dri 2 false 
drh 2 false dri 3 false 
drh 2 false drf 1 false 
drh 2 false drf 2 false 
drh 2 false drp 1 false 
drh 2 false drp 2 false 
drh 2 false drbe 1 false 
drh 2 false drbe 2 false 
drh 2 false drs 1 false 
drh 2 false drm 1 false 
drh 2 false drbs 1 false 
drh 2 false drg 1 false 
drh 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 2 false dreas 1 false 
drdu 1 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dre 1 false drt 1 false 
dre 1 false drt 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 1 false 
dre 1 false cdr 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 3 false 
dre 1 false cdr 4 false 
dre 1 false drh 1 false 
dre 1 false drh 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 1 false 
dre 1 false drdu 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 3 false 
dre 1 false dre 1 false 
dre 1 false dre 2 false 
dre 1 false dre 3 false 
dre 1 false dri 1 false 
dre 1 false dri 2 false 
dre 1 false dri 3 false 
dre 1 false drf 1 false 
dre 1 false drf 2 false 
dre 1 false drp 1 false 
dre 1 false drp 2 false 
dre 1 false drbe 1 false 
dre 1 false drbe 2 false 
dre 1 false drs 1 false 
dre 1 false drm 1 false 
dre 1 false drbs 1 false 
dre 1 false drg 1 false 
dre 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 1 false dreas 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 1 false 
dre 2 false cdr 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 3 false 
dre 2 false cdr 4 false 
dre 2 false drh 1 false 
dre 2 false drh 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 1 false 
dre 2 false drdu 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 3 false 
dre 2 false dre 1 false 
dre 2 false dre 2 false 
dre 2 false dre 3 false 
dre 2 false dri 1 false 
dre 2 false dri 2 false 
dre 2 false dri 3 false 
dre 2 false drf 1 false 
dre 2 false drf 2 false 
dre 2 false drp 1 false 
dre 2 false drp 2 false 
dre 2 false drbe 1 false 
dre 2 false drbe 2 false 
dre 2 false drs 1 false 
dre 2 false drm 1 false 
dre 2 false drbs 1 false 
dre 2 false drg 1 false 
dre 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 2 false dreas 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 1 false 
dre 3 false cdr 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 3 false 
dre 3 false cdr 4 false 
dre 3 false drh 1 false 
dre 3 false drh 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 1 false 
dre 3 false drdu 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 3 false 
dre 3 false dre 1 false 
dre 3 false dre 2 false 
dre 3 false dre 3 false 
dre 3 false dri 1 false 
dre 3 false dri 2 false 
dre 3 false dri 3 false 
dre 3 false drf 1 false 
dre 3 false drf 2 false 
dre 3 false drp 1 false 
dre 3 false drp 2 false 
dre 3 false drbe 1 false 
dre 3 false drbe 2 false 
dre 3 false drs 1 false 
dre 3 false drm 1 false 
dre 3 false drbs 1 false 
dre 3 false drg 1 false 
dre 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 3 false dreas 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 1 false 
dri 1 false cdr 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 3 false 
dri 1 false cdr 4 false 
dri 1 false drh 1 false 
dri 1 false drh 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 1 false 
dri 1 false drdu 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 3 false 
dri 1 false dre 1 false 
dri 1 false dre 2 false 
dri 1 false dre 3 false 
dri 1 false dri 1 false 
dri 1 false dri 2 false 
dri 1 false dri 3 false 
dri 1 false drf 1 false 
dri 1 false drf 2 false 
dri 1 false drp 1 false 
dri 1 false drp 2 false 
dri 1 false drbe 1 false 
dri 1 false drbe 2 false 
dri 1 false drs 1 false 
dri 1 false drm 1 false 
dri 1 false drbs 1 false 
dri 1 false drg 1 false 
dri 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 1 false dreas 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 1 false 
dri 2 false cdr 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 3 false 
dri 2 false cdr 4 false 
dri 2 false drh 1 false 
dri 2 false drh 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 1 false 
dri 2 false drdu 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 3 false 
dri 2 false dre 1 false 
dri 2 false dre 2 false 
dri 2 false dre 3 false 
dri 2 false dri 1 false 
dri 2 false dri 2 false 
dri 2 false dri 3 false 
dri 2 false drf 1 false 
dri 2 false drf 2 false 
dri 2 false drp 1 false 
dri 2 false drp 2 false 
dri 2 false drbe 1 false 
dri 2 false drbe 2 false 
dri 2 false drs 1 false 
dri 2 false drm 1 false 
dri 2 false drbs 1 false 
dri 2 false drg 1 false 
dri 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 2 false dreas 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 1 false 
dri 3 false cdr 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 3 false 
dri 3 false cdr 4 false 
dri 3 false drh 1 false 
dri 3 false drh 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 1 false 
dri 3 false drdu 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 3 false 
dri 3 false dre 1 false 
dri 3 false dre 2 false 
dri 3 false dre 3 false 
dri 3 false dri 1 false 
dri 3 false dri 2 false 
dri 3 false dri 3 false 
dri 3 false drf 1 false 
dri 3 false drf 2 false 
dri 3 false drp 1 false 
dri 3 false drp 2 false 
dri 3 false drbe 1 false 
dri 3 false drbe 2 false 
dri 3 false drs 1 false 
dri 3 false drm 1 false 
dri 3 false drbs 1 false 
dri 3 false drg 1 false 
dri 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 3 false dreas 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 1 false 
drf 1 false cdr 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 3 false 
drf 1 false cdr 4 false 
drf 1 false drh 1 false 
drf 1 false drh 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 1 false 
drf 1 false drdu 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 3 false 
drf 1 false dre 1 false 
drf 1 false dre 2 false 
drf 1 false dre 3 false 
drf 1 false dri 1 false 
drf 1 false dri 2 false 
drf 1 false dri 3 false 
drf 1 false drf 1 false 
drf 1 false drf 2 false 
drf 1 false drp 1 false 
drf 1 false drp 2 false 
drf 1 false drbe 1 false 
drf 1 false drbe 2 false 
drf 1 false drs 1 false 
drf 1 false drm 1 false 
drf 1 false drbs 1 false 
drf 1 false drg 1 false 
drf 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 1 false dreas 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 1 false 
drf 2 false cdr 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 3 false 
drf 2 false cdr 4 false 
drf 2 false drh 1 false 
drf 2 false drh 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 1 false 
drf 2 false drdu 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 3 false 
drf 2 false dre 1 false 
drf 2 false dre 2 false 
drf 2 false dre 3 false 
drf 2 false dri 1 false 
drf 2 false dri 2 false 
drf 2 false dri 3 false 
drf 2 false drf 1 false 
drf 2 false drf 2 false 
drf 2 false drp 1 false 
drf 2 false drp 2 false 
drf 2 false drbe 1 false 
drf 2 false drbe 2 false 
drf 2 false drs 1 false 
drf 2 false drm 1 false 
drf 2 false drbs 1 false 
drf 2 false drg 1 false 
drf 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 2 false dreas 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 1 false 
drp 1 false cdr 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 3 false 
drp 1 false cdr 4 false 
drp 1 false drh 1 false 
drp 1 false drh 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 1 false 
drp 1 false drdu 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 3 false 
drp 1 false dre 1 false 
drp 1 false dre 2 false 
drp 1 false dre 3 false 
drp 1 false dri 1 false 
drp 1 false dri 2 false 
drp 1 false dri 3 false 
drp 1 false drf 1 false 
drp 1 false drf 2 false 
drp 1 false drp 1 false 
drp 1 false drp 2 false 
drp 1 false drbe 1 false 
drp 1 false drbe 2 false 
drp 1 false drs 1 false 
drp 1 false drm 1 false 
drp 1 false drbs 1 false 
drp 1 false drg 1 false 
drp 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 1 false dreas 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 1 false 
drp 2 false cdr 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 3 false 
drp 2 false cdr 4 false 
drp 2 false drh 1 false 
drp 2 false drh 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 1 false 
drp 2 false drdu 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 3 false 
drp 2 false dre 1 false 
drp 2 false dre 2 false 
drp 2 false dre 3 false 
drp 2 false dri 1 false 
drp 2 false dri 2 false 
drp 2 false dri 3 false 
drp 2 false drf 1 false 
drp 2 false drf 2 false 
drp 2 false drp 1 false 
drp 2 false drp 2 false 
drp 2 false drbe 1 false 
drp 2 false drbe 2 false 
drp 2 false drs 1 false 
drp 2 false drm 1 false 
drp 2 false drbs 1 false 
drp 2 false drg 1 false 
drp 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 2 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 1 false drh 1 false 
drbe 1 false drh 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 1 false dre 1 false 
drbe 1 false dre 2 false 
drbe 1 false dre 3 false 
drbe 1 false dri 1 false 
drbe 1 false dri 2 false 
drbe 1 false dri 3 false 
drbe 1 false drf 1 false 
drbe 1 false drf 2 false 
drbe 1 false drp 1 false 
drbe 1 false drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 1 false drs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drm 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drg 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 2 false drh 1 false 
drbe 2 false drh 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 2 false dre 1 false 
drbe 2 false dre 2 false 
drbe 2 false dre 3 false 
drbe 2 false dri 1 false 
drbe 2 false dri 2 false 
drbe 2 false dri 3 false 
drbe 2 false drf 1 false 
drbe 2 false drf 2 false 
drbe 2 false drp 1 false 
drbe 2 false drp 2 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 2 false drs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drm 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drg 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 2 false dreas 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drs 1 false drh 1 false 
drs 1 false drh 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drs 1 false dre 1 false 
drs 1 false dre 2 false 
drs 1 false dre 3 false 
drs 1 false dri 1 false 
drs 1 false dri 2 false 
drs 1 false dri 3 false 
drs 1 false drf 1 false 
drs 1 false drf 2 false 
drs 1 false drp 1 false 
drs 1 false drp 2 false 
drs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false drs 1 false 
drs 1 false drm 1 false 
drs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drs 1 false drg 1 false 
drs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 1 false 
drm 1 false cdr 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 3 false 
drm 1 false cdr 4 false 
drm 1 false drh 1 false 
drm 1 false drh 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 1 false 
drm 1 false drdu 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 3 false 
drm 1 false dre 1 false 
drm 1 false dre 2 false 
drm 1 false dre 3 false 
drm 1 false dri 1 false 
drm 1 false dri 2 false 
drm 1 false dri 3 false 
drm 1 false drf 1 false 
drm 1 false drf 2 false 
drm 1 false drp 1 false 
drm 1 false drp 2 false 
drm 1 false drbe 1 false 
drm 1 false drbe 2 false 
drm 1 false drs 1 false 
drm 1 false drm 1 false 
drm 1 false drbs 1 false 
drm 1 false drg 1 false 
drm 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drm 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbs 1 false drh 1 false 
drbs 1 false drh 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbs 1 false dre 1 false 
drbs 1 false dre 2 false 
drbs 1 false dre 3 false 
drbs 1 false dri 1 false 
drbs 1 false dri 2 false 
drbs 1 false dri 3 false 
drbs 1 false drf 1 false 
drbs 1 false drf 2 false 
drbs 1 false drp 1 false 
drbs 1 false drp 2 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbs 1 false drs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drg 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 1 false 
drg 1 false cdr 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 3 false 
drg 1 false cdr 4 false 
drg 1 false drh 1 false 
drg 1 false drh 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 1 false 
drg 1 false drdu 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 3 false 
drg 1 false dre 1 false 
drg 1 false dre 2 false 
drg 1 false dre 3 false 
drg 1 false dri 1 false 
drg 1 false dri 2 false 
drg 1 false dri 3 false 
drg 1 false drf 1 false 
drg 1 false drf 2 false 
drg 1 false drp 1 false 
drg 1 false drp 2 false 
drg 1 false drbe 1 false 
drg 1 false drbe 2 false 
drg 1 false drs 1 false 
drg 1 false drm 1 false 
drg 1 false drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false drg 1 false 
drg 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drg 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 9 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 10 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 11 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 12 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 13 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 14 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 15 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
Printed 1726 rows from joining dragrace to dragrace
% Created bst index for table dragrace on column winner, with 57 distinct keys
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 59 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
Printed 0 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
Printed 44 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 15 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars franchise season ru 
rpdr 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dreas 1 false 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drt 1 false drt 1 false 
drt 1 false drt 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 1 false 
drt 1 false cdr 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 3 false 
drt 1 false cdr 4 false 
drt 1 false drh 1 false 
drt 1 false drh 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 1 false 
drt 1 false drdu 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 3 false 
drt 1 false dre 1 false 
drt 1 false dre 2 false 
drt 1 false dre 3 false 
drt 1 false dri 1 false 
drt 1 false dri 2 false 
drt 1 false dri 3 false 
drt 1 false drf 1 false 
drt 1 false drf 2 false 
drt 1 false drp 1 false 
drt 1 false drp 2 false 
drt 1 false drbe 1 false 
drt 1 false drbe 2 false 
drt 1 false drs 1 false 
drt 1 false drm 1 false 
drt 1 false drbs 1 false 
drt 1 false drg 1 false 
drt 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 1 false dreas 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 1 false 
drt 2 false cdr 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 3 false 
drt 2 false cdr 4 false 
drt 2 false drh 1 false 
drt 2 false drh 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 1 false 
drt 2 false drdu 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 3 false 
drt 2 false dre 1 false 
drt 2 false dre 2 false 
drt 2 false dre 3 false 
drt 2 false dri 1 false 
drt 2 false dri 2 false 
drt 2 false dri 3 false 
drt 2 false drf 1 false 
drt 2 false drf 2 false 
drt 2 false drp 1 false 
drt 2 false drp 2 false 
drt 2 false drbe 1 false 
drt 2 false drbe 2 false 
drt 2 false drs 1 false 
drt 2 false drm 1 false 
drt 2 false drbs 1 false 
drt 2 false drg 1 false 
drt 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 1 false drh 1 false 
cdr 1 false drh 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 1 false dre 1 false 
cdr 1 false dre 2 false 
cdr 1 false dre 3 false 
cdr 1 false dri 1 false 
cdr 1 false dri 2 false 
cdr 1 false dri 3 false 
cdr 1 false drf 1 false 
cdr 1 false drf 2 false 
cdr 1 false drp 1 false 
cdr 1 false drp 2 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 1 false drs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drm 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drg 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 2 false drh 1 false 
cdr 2 false drh 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 2 false dre 1 false 
cdr 2 false dre 2 false 
cdr 2 false dre 3 false 
cdr 2 false dri 1 false 
cdr 2 false dri 2 false 
cdr 2 false dri 3 false 
cdr 2 false drf 1 false 
cdr 2 false drf 2 false 
cdr 2 false drp 1 false 
cdr 2 false drp 2 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 2 false drs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drm 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drg 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 3 false drh 1 false 
cdr 3 false drh 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 3 false dre 1 false 
cdr 3 false dre 2 false 
cdr 3 false dre 3 false 
cdr 3 false dri 1 false 
cdr 3 false dri 2 false 
cdr 3 false dri 3 false 
cdr 3 false drf 1 false 
cdr 3 false drf 2 false 
cdr 3 false drp 1 false 
cdr 3 false drp 2 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 3 false drs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drm 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drg 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 4 false drh 1 false 
cdr 4 false drh 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 4 false dre 1 false 
cdr 4 false dre 2 false 
cdr 4 false dre 3 false 
cdr 4 false dri 1 false 
cdr 4 false dri 2 false 
cdr 4 false dri 3 false 
cdr 4 false drf 1 false 
cdr 4 false drf 2 false 
cdr 4 false drp 1 false 
cdr 4 false drp 2 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 4 false drs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drm 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drg 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 1 false 
drh 1 false cdr 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 3 false 
drh 1 false cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false drh 1 false 
drh 1 false drh 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 1 false 
drh 1 false drdu 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 3 false 
drh 1 false dre 1 false 
drh 1 false dre 2 false 
drh 1 false dre 3 false 
drh 1 false dri 1 false 
drh 1 false dri 2 false 
drh 1 false dri 3 false 
drh 1 false drf 1 false 
drh 1 false drf 2 false 
drh 1 false drp 1 false 
drh 1 false drp 2 false 
drh 1 false drbe 1 false 
drh 1 false drbe 2 false 
drh 1 false drs 1 false 
drh 1 false drm 1 false 
drh 1 false drbs 1 false 
drh 1 false drg 1 false 
drh 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 1 false dreas 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 1 false 
drh 2 false cdr 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 3 false 
drh 2 false cdr 4 false 
drh 2 false drh 1 false 
drh 2 false drh 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 1 false 
drh 2 false drdu 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 3 false 
drh 2 false dre 1 false 
drh 2 false dre 2 false 
drh 2 false dre 3 false 
drh 2 false dri 1 false 
drh 2 false dri 2 false 
drh 2 false dri 3 false 
drh 2 false drf 1 false 
drh 2 false drf 2 false 
drh 2 false drp 1 false 
drh 2 false drp 2 false 
drh 2 false drbe 1 false 
drh 2 false drbe 2 false 
drh 2 false drs 1 false 
drh 2 false drm 1 false 
drh 2 false drbs 1 false 
drh 2 false drg 1 false 
drh 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 2 false dreas 1 false 
drdu 1 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dre 1 false drt 1 false 
dre 1 false drt 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 1 false 
dre 1 false cdr 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 3 false 
dre 1 false cdr 4 false 
dre 1 false drh 1 false 
dre 1 false drh 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 1 false 
dre 1 false drdu 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 3 false 
dre 1 false dre 1 false 
dre 1 false dre 2 false 
dre 1 false dre 3 false 
dre 1 false dri 1 false 
dre 1 false dri 2 false 
dre 1 false dri 3 false 
dre 1 false drf 1 false 
dre 1 false drf 2 false 
dre 1 false drp 1 false 
dre 1 false drp 2 false 
dre 1 false drbe 1 false 
dre 1 false drbe 2 false 
dre 1 false drs 1 false 
dre 1 false drm 1 false 
dre 1 false drbs 1 false 
dre 1 false drg 1 false 
dre 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 1 false dreas 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 1 false 
dre 2 false cdr 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 3 false 
dre 2 false cdr 4 false 
dre 2 false drh 1 false 
dre 2 false drh 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 1 false 
dre 2 false drdu 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 3 false 
dre 2 false dre 1 false 
dre 2 false dre 2 false 
dre 2 false dre 3 false 
dre 2 false dri 1 false 
dre 2 false dri 2 false 
dre 2 false dri 3 false 
dre 2 false drf 1 false 
dre 2 false drf 2 false 
dre 2 false drp 1 false 
dre 2 false drp 2 false 
dre 2 false drbe 1 false 
dre 2 false drbe 2 false 
dre 2 false drs 1 false 
dre 2 false drm 1 false 
dre 2 false drbs 1 false 
dre 2 false drg 1 false 
dre 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 2 false dreas 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 1 false 
dre 3 false cdr 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 3 false 
dre 3 false cdr 4 false 
dre 3 false drh 1 false 
dre 3 false drh 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 1 false 
dre 3 false drdu 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 3 false 
dre 3 false dre 1 false 
dre 3 false dre 2 false 
dre 3 false dre 3 false 
dre 3 false dri 1 false 
dre 3 false dri 2 false 
dre 3 false dri 3 false 
dre 3 false drf 1 false 
dre 3 false drf 2 false 
dre 3 false drp 1 false 
dre 3 false drp 2 false 
dre 3 false drbe 1 false 
dre 3 false drbe 2 false 
dre 3 false drs 1 false 
dre 3 false drm 1 false 
dre 3 false drbs 1 false 
dre 3 false drg 1 false 
dre 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 3 false dreas 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 1 false 
dri 1 false cdr 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 3 false 
dri 1 false cdr 4 false 
dri 1 false drh 1 false 
dri 1 false drh 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 1 false 
dri 1 false drdu 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 3 false 
dri 1 false dre 1 false 
dri 1 false dre 2 false 
dri 1 false dre 3 false 
dri 1 false dri 1 false 
dri 1 false dri 2 false 
dri 1 false dri 3 false 
dri 1 false drf 1 false 
dri 1 false drf 2 false 
dri 1 false drp 1 false 
dri 1 false drp 2 false 
dri 1 false drbe 1 false 
dri 1 false drbe 2 false 
dri 1 false drs 1 false 
dri 1 false drm 1 false 
dri 1 false drbs 1 false 
dri 1 false drg 1 false 
dri 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 1 false dreas 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 1 false 
dri 2 false cdr 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 3 false 
dri 2 false cdr 4 false 
dri 2 false drh 1 false 
dri 2 false drh 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 1 false 
dri 2 false drdu 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 3 false 
dri 2 false dre 1 false 
dri 2 false dre 2 false 
dri 2 false dre 3 false 
dri 2 false dri 1 false 
dri 2 false dri 2 false 
dri 2 false dri 3 false 
dri 2 false drf 1 false 
dri 2 false drf 2 false 
dri 2 false drp 1 false 
dri 2 false drp 2 false 
dri 2 false drbe 1 false 
dri 2 false drbe 2 false 
dri 2 false drs 1 false 
dri 2 false drm 1 false 
dri 2 false drbs 1 false 
dri 2 false drg 1 false 
dri 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 2 false dreas 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 1 false 
dri 3 false cdr 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 3 false 
dri 3 false cdr 4 false 
dri 3 false drh 1 false 
dri 3 false drh 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 1 false 
dri 3 false drdu 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 3 false 
dri 3 false dre 1 false 
dri 3 false dre 2 false 
dri 3 false dre 3 false 
dri 3 false dri 1 false 
dri 3 false dri 2 false 
dri 3 false dri 3 false 
dri 3 false drf 1 false 
dri 3 false drf 2 false 
dri 3 false drp 1 false 
dri 3 false drp 2 false 
dri 3 false drbe 1 false 
dri 3 false drbe 2 false 
dri 3 false drs 1 false 
dri 3 false drm 1 false 
dri 3 false drbs 1 false 
dri 3 false drg 1 false 
dri 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 3 false dreas 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 1 false 
drf 1 false cdr 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 3 false 
drf 1 false cdr 4 false 
drf 1 false drh 1 false 
drf 1 false drh 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 1 false 
drf 1 false drdu 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 3 false 
drf 1 false dre 1 false 
drf 1 false dre 2 false 
drf 1 false dre 3 false 
drf 1 false dri 1 false 
drf 1 false dri 2 false 
drf 1 false dri 3 false 
drf 1 false drf 1 false 
drf 1 false drf 2 false 
drf 1 false drp 1 false 
drf 1 false drp 2 false 
drf 1 false drbe 1 false 
drf 1 false drbe 2 false 
drf 1 false drs 1 false 
drf 1 false drm 1 false 
drf 1 false drbs 1 false 
drf 1 false drg 1 false 
drf 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 1 false dreas 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 1 false 
drf 2 false cdr 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 3 false 
drf 2 false cdr 4 false 
drf 2 false drh 1 false 
drf 2 false drh 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 1 false 
drf 2 false drdu 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 3 false 
drf 2 false dre 1 false 
drf 2 false dre 2 false 
drf 2 false dre 3 false 
drf 2 false dri 1 false 
drf 2 false dri 2 false 
drf 2 false dri 3 false 
drf 2 false drf 1 false 
drf 2 false drf 2 false 
drf 2 false drp 1 false 
drf 2 false drp 2 false 
drf 2 false drbe 1 false 
drf 2 false drbe 2 false 
drf 2 false drs 1 false 
drf 2 false drm 1 false 
drf 2 false drbs 1 false 
drf 2 false drg 1 false 
drf 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 2 false dreas 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 1 false 
drp 1 false cdr 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 3 false 
drp 1 false cdr 4 false 
drp 1 false drh 1 false 
drp 1 false drh 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 1 false 
drp 1 false drdu 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 3 false 
drp 1 false dre 1 false 
drp 1 false dre 2 false 
drp 1 false dre 3 false 
drp 1 false dri 1 false 
drp 1 false dri 2 false 
drp 1 false dri 3 false 
drp 1 false drf 1 false 
drp 1 false drf 2 false 
drp 1 false drp 1 false 
drp 1 false drp 2 false 
drp 1 false drbe 1 false 
drp 1 false drbe 2 false 
drp 1 false drs 1 false 
drp 1 false drm 1 false 
drp 1 false drbs 1 false 
drp 1 false drg 1 false 
drp 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 1 false dreas 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 1 false 
drp 2 false cdr 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 3 false 
drp 2 false cdr 4 false 
drp 2 false drh 1 false 
drp 2 false drh 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 1 false 
drp 2 false drdu 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 3 false 
drp 2 false dre 1 false 
drp 2 false dre 2 false 
drp 2 false dre 3 false 
drp 2 false dri 1 false 
drp 2 false dri 2 false 
drp 2 false dri 3 false 
drp 2 false drf 1 false 
drp 2 false drf 2 false 
drp 2 false drp 1 false 
drp 2 false drp 2 false 
drp 2 false drbe 1 false 
drp 2 false drbe 2 false 
drp 2 false drs 1 false 
drp 2 false drm 1 false 
drp 2 false drbs 1 false 
drp 2 false drg 1 false 
drp 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 2 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 1 false drh 1 false 
drbe 1 false drh 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 1 false dre 1 false 
drbe 1 false dre 2 false 
drbe 1 false dre 3 false 
drbe 1 false dri 1 false 
drbe 1 false dri 2 false 
drbe 1 false dri 3 false 
drbe 1 false drf 1 false 
drbe 1 false drf 2 false 
drbe 1 false drp 1 false 
drbe 1 false drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 1 false drs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drm 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drg 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 2 false drh 1 false 
drbe 2 false drh 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 2 false dre 1 false 
drbe 2 false dre 2 false 
drbe 2 false dre 3 false 
drbe 2 false dri 1 false 
drbe 2 false dri 2 false 
drbe 2 false dri 3 false 
drbe 2 false drf 1 false 
drbe 2 false drf 2 false 
drbe 2 false drp 1 false 
drbe 2 false drp 2 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 2 false drs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drm 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drg 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 2 false dreas 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drs 1 false drh 1 false 
drs 1 false drh 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drs 1 false dre 1 false 
drs 1 false dre 2 false 
drs 1 false dre 3 false 
drs 1 false dri 1 false 
drs 1 false dri 2 false 
drs 1 false dri 3 false 
drs 1 false drf 1 false 
drs 1 false drf 2 false 
drs 1 false drp 1 false 
drs 1 false drp 2 false 
drs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false drs 1 false 
drs 1 false drm 1 false 
drs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drs 1 false drg 1 false 
drs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 1 false 
drm 1 false cdr 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 3 false 
drm 1 false cdr 4 false 
drm 1 false drh 1 false 
drm 1 false drh 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 1 false 
drm 1 false drdu 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 3 false 
drm 1 false dre 1 false 
drm 1 false dre 2 false 
drm 1 false dre 3 false 
drm 1 false dri 1 false 
drm 1 false dri 2 false 
drm 1 false dri 3 false 
drm 1 false drf 1 false 
drm 1 false drf 2 false 
drm 1 false drp 1 false 
drm 1 false drp 2 false 
drm 1 false drbe 1 false 
drm 1 false drbe 2 false 
drm 1 false drs 1 false 
drm 1 false drm 1 false 
drm 1 false drbs 1 false 
drm 1 false drg 1 false 
drm 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drm 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbs 1 false drh 1 false 
drbs 1 false drh 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbs 1 false dre 1 false 
drbs 1 false dre 2 false 
drbs 1 false dre 3 false 
drbs 1 false dri 1 false 
drbs 1 false dri 2 false 
drbs 1 false dri 3 false 
drbs 1 false drf 1 false 
drbs 1 false drf 2 false 
drbs 1 false drp 1 false 
drbs 1 false drp 2 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbs 1 false drs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drg 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 1 false 
drg 1 false cdr 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 3 false 
drg 1 false cdr 4 false 
drg 1 false drh 1 false 
drg 1 false drh 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 1 false 
drg 1 false drdu 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 3 false 
drg 1 false dre 1 false 
drg 1 false dre 2 false 
drg 1 false dre 3 false 
drg 1 false dri 1 false 
drg 1 false dri 2 false 
drg 1 false dri 3 false 
drg 1 false drf 1 false 
drg 1 false drf 2 false 
drg 1 false drp 1 false 
drg 1 false drp 2 false 
drg 1 false drbe 1 false 
drg 1 false drbe 2 false 
drg 1 false drs 1 false 
drg 1 false drm 1 false 
drg 1 false drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false drg 1 false 
drg 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drg 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 9 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 10 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 11 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 12 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 13 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 14 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 15 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
Printed 1726 rows from joining dragrace to dragrace
% Created hash index for table dragrace on column allstars, with 2 distinct keys
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 59 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
Printed 0 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
Printed 44 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 15 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars franchise season ru 
rpdr 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dreas 1 false 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drt 1 false drt 1 false 
drt 1 false drt 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 1 false 
drt 1 false cdr 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 3 false 
drt 1 false cdr 4 false 
drt 1 false drh 1 false 
drt 1 false drh 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 1 false 
drt 1 false drdu 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 3 false 
drt 1 false dre 1 false 
drt 1 false dre 2 false 
drt 1 false dre 3 false 
drt 1 false dri 1 false 
drt 1 false dri 2 false 
drt 1 false dri 3 false 
drt 1 false drf 1 false 
drt 1 false drf 2 false 
drt 1 false drp 1 false 
drt 1 false drp 2 false 
drt 1 false drbe 1 false 
drt 1 false drbe 2 false 
drt 1 false drs 1 false 
drt 1 false drm 1 false 
drt 1 false drbs 1 false 
drt 1 false drg 1 false 
drt 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 1 false dreas 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 1 false 
drt 2 false cdr 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 3 false 
drt 2 false cdr 4 false 
drt 2 false drh 1 false 
drt 2 false drh 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 1 false 
drt 2 false drdu 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 3 false 
drt 2 false dre 1 false 
drt 2 false dre 2 false 
drt 2 false dre 3 false 
drt 2 false dri 1 false 
drt 2 false dri 2 false 
drt 2 false dri 3 false 
drt 2 false drf 1 false 
drt 2 false drf 2 false 
drt 2 false drp 1 false 
drt 2 false drp 2 false 
drt 2 false drbe 1 false 
drt 2 false drbe 2 false 
drt 2 false drs 1 false 
drt 2 false drm 1 false 
drt 2 false drbs 1 false 
drt 2 false drg 1 false 
drt 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 1 false drh 1 false 
cdr 1 false drh 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 1 false dre 1 false 
cdr 1 false dre 2 false 
cdr 1 false dre 3 false 
cdr 1 false dri 1 false 
cdr 1 false dri 2 false 
cdr 1 false dri 3 false 
cdr 1 false drf 1 false 
cdr 1 false drf 2 false 
cdr 1 false drp 1 false 
cdr 1 false drp 2 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 1 false drs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drm 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drg 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 2 false drh 1 false 
cdr 2 false drh 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 2 false dre 1 false 
cdr 2 false dre 2 false 
cdr 2 false dre 3 false 
cdr 2 false dri 1 false 
cdr 2 false dri 2 false 
cdr 2 false dri 3 false 
cdr 2 false drf 1 false 
cdr 2 false drf 2 false 
cdr 2 false drp 1 false 
cdr 2 false drp 2 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 2 false drs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drm 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drg 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 3 false drh 1 false 
cdr 3 false drh 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 3 false dre 1 false 
cdr 3 false dre 2 false 
cdr 3 false dre 3 false 
cdr 3 false dri 1 false 
cdr 3 false dri 2 false 
cdr 3 false dri 3 false 
cdr 3 false drf 1 false 
cdr 3 false drf 2 false 
cdr 3 false drp 1 false 
cdr 3 false drp 2 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 3 false drs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drm 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drg 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 4 false drh 1 false 
cdr 4 false drh 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 4 false dre 1 false 
cdr 4 false dre 2 false 
cdr 4 false dre 3 false 
cdr 4 false dri 1 false 
cdr 4 false dri 2 false 
cdr 4 false dri 3 false 
cdr 4 false drf 1 false 
cdr 4 false drf 2 false 
cdr 4 false drp 1 false 
cdr 4 false drp 2 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 4 false drs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drm 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drg 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 1 false 
drh 1 false cdr 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 3 false 
drh 1 false cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false drh 1 false 
drh 1 false drh 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 1 false 
drh 1 false drdu 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 3 false 
drh 1 false dre 1 false 
drh 1 false dre 2 false 
drh 1 false dre 3 false 
drh 1 false dri 1 false 
drh 1 false dri 2 false 
drh 1 false dri 3 false 
drh 1 false drf 1 false 
drh 1 false drf 2 false 
drh 1 false drp 1 false 
drh 1 false drp 2 false 
drh 1 false drbe 1 false 
drh 1 false drbe 2 false 
drh 1 false drs 1 false 
drh 1 false drm 1 false 
drh 1 false drbs 1 false 
drh 1 false drg 1 false 
drh 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 1 false dreas 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 1 false 
drh 2 false cdr 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 3 false 
drh 2 false cdr 4 false 
drh 2 false drh 1 false 
drh 2 false drh 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 1 false 
drh 2 false drdu 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 3 false 
drh 2 false dre 1 false 
drh 2 false dre 2 false 
drh 2 false dre 3 false 
drh 2 false dri 1 false 
drh 2 false dri 2 false 
drh 2 false dri 3 false 
drh 2 false drf 1 false 
drh 2 false drf 2 false 
drh 2 false drp 1 false 
drh 2 false drp 2 false 
drh 2 false drbe 1 false 
drh 2 false drbe 2 false 
drh 2 false drs 1 false 
drh 2 false drm 1 false 
drh 2 false drbs 1 false 
drh 2 false drg 1 false 
drh 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 2 false dreas 1 false 
drdu 1 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dre 1 false drt 1 false 
dre 1 false drt 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 1 false 
dre 1 false cdr 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 3 false 
dre 1 false cdr 4 false 
dre 1 false drh 1 false 
dre 1 false drh 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 1 false 
dre 1 false drdu 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 3 false 
dre 1 false dre 1 false 
dre 1 false dre 2 false 
dre 1 false dre 3 false 
dre 1 false dri 1 false 
dre 1 false dri 2 false 
dre 1 false dri 3 false 
dre 1 false drf 1 false 
dre 1 false drf 2 false 
dre 1 false drp 1 false 
dre 1 false drp 2 false 
dre 1 false drbe 1 false 
dre 1 false drbe 2 false 
dre 1 false drs 1 false 
dre 1 false drm 1 false 
dre 1 false drbs 1 false 
dre 1 false drg 1 false 
dre 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 1 false dreas 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 1 false 
dre 2 false cdr 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 3 false 
dre 2 false cdr 4 false 
dre 2 false drh 1 false 
dre 2 false drh 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 1 false 
dre 2 false drdu 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 3 false 
dre 2 false dre 1 false 
dre 2 false dre 2 false 
dre 2 false dre 3 false 
dre 2 false dri 1 false 
dre 2 false dri 2 false 
dre 2 false dri 3 false 
dre 2 false drf 1 false 
dre 2 false drf 2 false 
dre 2 false drp 1 false 
dre 2 false drp 2 false 
dre 2 false drbe 1 false 
dre 2 false drbe 2 false 
dre 2 false drs 1 false 
dre 2 false drm 1 false 
dre 2 false drbs 1 false 
dre 2 false drg 1 false 
dre 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 2 false dreas 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 1 false 
dre 3 false cdr 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 3 false 
dre 3 false cdr 4 false 
dre 3 false drh 1 false 
dre 3 false drh 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 1 false 
dre 3 false drdu 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 3 false 
dre 3 false dre 1 false 
dre 3 false dre 2 false 
dre 3 false dre 3 false 
dre 3 false dri 1 false 
dre 3 false dri 2 false 
dre 3 false dri 3 false 
dre 3 false drf 1 false 
dre 3 false drf 2 false 
dre 3 false drp 1 false 
dre 3 false drp 2 false 
dre 3 false drbe 1 false 
dre 3 false drbe 2 false 
dre 3 false drs 1 false 
dre 3 false drm 1 false 
dre 3 false drbs 1 false 
dre 3 false drg 1 false 
dre 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 3 false dreas 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 1 false 
dri 1 false cdr 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 3 false 
dri 1 false cdr 4 false 
dri 1 false drh 1 false 
dri 1 false drh 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 1 false 
dri 1 false drdu 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 3 false 
dri 1 false dre 1 false 
dri 1 false dre 2 false 
dri 1 false dre 3 false 
dri 1 false dri 1 false 
dri 1 false dri 2 false 
dri 1 false dri 3 false 
dri 1 false drf 1 false 
dri 1 false drf 2 false 
dri 1 false drp 1 false 
dri 1 false drp 2 false 
dri 1 false drbe 1 false 
dri 1 false drbe 2 false 
dri 1 false drs 1 false 
dri 1 false drm 1 false 
dri 1 false drbs 1 false 
dri 1 false drg 1 false 
dri 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 1 false dreas 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 1 false 
dri 2 false cdr 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 3 false 
dri 2 false cdr 4 false 
dri 2 false drh 1 false 
dri 2 false drh 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 1 false 
dri 2 false drdu 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 3 false 
dri 2 false dre 1 false 
dri 2 false dre 2 false 
dri 2 false dre 3 false 
dri 2 false dri 1 false 
dri 2 false dri 2 false 
dri 2 false dri 3 false 
dri 2 false drf 1 false 
dri 2 false drf 2 false 
dri 2 false drp 1 false 
dri 2 false drp 2 false 
dri 2 false drbe 1 false 
dri 2 false drbe 2 false 
dri 2 false drs 1 false 
dri 2 false drm 1 false 
dri 2 false drbs 1 false 
dri 2 false drg 1 false 
dri 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 2 false dreas 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 1 false 
dri 3 false cdr 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 3 false 
dri 3 false cdr 4 false 
dri 3 false drh 1 false 
dri 3 false drh 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 1 false 
dri 3 false drdu 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 3 false 
dri 3 false dre 1 false 
dri 3 false dre 2 false 
dri 3 false dre 3 false 
dri 3 false dri 1 false 
dri 3 false dri 2 false 
dri 3 false dri 3 false 
dri 3 false drf 1 false 
dri 3 false drf 2 false 
dri 3 false drp 1 false 
dri 3 false drp 2 false 
dri 3 false drbe 1 false 
dri 3 false drbe 2 false 
dri 3 false drs 1 false 
dri 3 false drm 1 false 
dri 3 false drbs 1 false 
dri 3 false drg 1 false 
dri 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 3 false dreas 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 1 false 
drf 1 false cdr 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 3 false 
drf 1 false cdr 4 false 
drf 1 false drh 1 false 
drf 1 false drh 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 1 false 
drf 1 false drdu 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 3 false 
drf 1 false dre 1 false 
drf 1 false dre 2 false 
drf 1 false dre 3 false 
drf 1 false dri 1 false 
drf 1 false dri 2 false 
drf 1 false dri 3 false 
drf 1 false drf 1 false 
drf 1 false drf 2 false 
drf 1 false drp 1 false 
drf 1 false drp 2 false 
drf 1 false drbe 1 false 
drf 1 false drbe 2 false 
drf 1 false drs 1 false 
drf 1 false drm 1 false 
drf 1 false drbs 1 false 
drf 1 false drg 1 false 
drf 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 1 false dreas 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 1 false 
drf 2 false cdr 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 3 false 
drf 2 false cdr 4 false 
drf 2 false drh 1 false 
drf 2 false drh 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 1 false 
drf 2 false drdu 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 3 false 
drf 2 false dre 1 false 
drf 2 false dre 2 false 
drf 2 false dre 3 false 
drf 2 false dri 1 false 
drf 2 false dri 2 false 
drf 2 false dri 3 false 
drf 2 false drf 1 false 
drf 2 false drf 2 false 
drf 2 false drp 1 false 
drf 2 false drp 2 false 
drf 2 false drbe 1 false 
drf 2 false drbe 2 false 
drf 2 false drs 1 false 
drf 2 false drm 1 false 
drf 2 false drbs 1 false 
drf 2 false drg 1 false 
drf 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 2 false dreas 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 1 false 
drp 1 false cdr 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 3 false 
drp 1 false cdr 4 false 
drp 1 false drh 1 false 
drp 1 false drh 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 1 false 
drp 1 false drdu 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 3 false 
drp 1 false dre 1 false 
drp 1 false dre 2 false 
drp 1 false dre 3 false 
drp 1 false dri 1 false 
drp 1 false dri 2 false 
drp 1 false dri 3 false 
drp 1 false drf 1 false 
drp 1 false drf 2 false 
drp 1 false drp 1 false 
drp 1 false drp 2 false 
drp 1 false drbe 1 false 
drp 1 false drbe 2 false 
drp 1 false drs 1 false 
drp 1 false drm 1 false 
drp 1 false drbs 1 false 
drp 1 false drg 1 false 
drp 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 1 false dreas 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 1 false 
drp 2 false cdr 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 3 false 
drp 2 false cdr 4 false 
drp 2 false drh 1 false 
drp 2 false drh 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 1 false 
drp 2 false drdu 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 3 false 
drp 2 false dre 1 false 
drp 2 false dre 2 false 
drp 2 false dre 3 false 
drp 2 false dri 1 false 
drp 2 false dri 2 false 
drp 2 false dri 3 false 
drp 2 false drf 1 false 
drp 2 false drf 2 false 
drp 2 false drp 1 false 
drp 2 false drp 2 false 
drp 2 false drbe 1 false 
drp 2 false drbe 2 false 
drp 2 false drs 1 false 
drp 2 false drm 1 false 
drp 2 false drbs 1 false 
drp 2 false drg 1 false 
drp 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 2 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 1 false drh 1 false 
drbe 1 false drh 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 1 false dre 1 false 
drbe 1 false dre 2 false 
drbe 1 false dre 3 false 
drbe 1 false dri 1 false 
drbe 1 false dri 2 false 
drbe 1 false dri 3 false 
drbe 1 false drf 1 false 
drbe 1 false drf 2 false 
drbe 1 false drp 1 false 
drbe 1 false drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 1 false drs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drm 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drg 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 2 false drh 1 false 
drbe 2 false drh 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 2 false dre 1 false 
drbe 2 false dre 2 false 
drbe 2 false dre 3 false 
drbe 2 false dri 1 false 
drbe 2 false dri 2 false 
drbe 2 false dri 3 false 
drbe 2 false drf 1 false 
drbe 2 false drf 2 false 
drbe 2 false drp 1 false 
drbe 2 false drp 2 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 2 false drs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drm 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drg 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 2 false dreas 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drs 1 false drh 1 false 
drs 1 false drh 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drs 1 false dre 1 false 
drs 1 false dre 2 false 
drs 1 false dre 3 false 
drs 1 false dri 1 false 
drs 1 false dri 2 false 
drs 1 false dri 3 false 
drs 1 false drf 1 false 
drs 1 false drf 2 false 
drs 1 false drp 1 false 
drs 1 false drp 2 false 
drs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false drs 1 false 
drs 1 false drm 1 false 
drs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drs 1 false drg 1 false 
drs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 1 false 
drm 1 false cdr 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 3 false 
drm 1 false cdr 4 false 
drm 1 false drh 1 false 
drm 1 false drh 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 1 false 
drm 1 false drdu 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 3 false 
drm 1 false dre 1 false 
drm 1 false dre 2 false 
drm 1 false dre 3 false 
drm 1 false dri 1 false 
drm 1 false dri 2 false 
drm 1 false dri 3 false 
drm 1 false drf 1 false 
drm 1 false drf 2 false 
drm 1 false drp 1 false 
drm 1 false drp 2 false 
drm 1 false drbe 1 false 
drm 1 false drbe 2 false 
drm 1 false drs 1 false 
drm 1 false drm 1 false 
drm 1 false drbs 1 false 
drm 1 false drg 1 false 
drm 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drm 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbs 1 false drh 1 false 
drbs 1 false drh 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbs 1 false dre 1 false 
drbs 1 false dre 2 false 
drbs 1 false dre 3 false 
drbs 1 false dri 1 false 
drbs 1 false dri 2 false 
drbs 1 false dri 3 false 
drbs 1 false drf 1 false 
drbs 1 false drf 2 false 
drbs 1 false drp 1 false 
drbs 1 false drp 2 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbs 1 false drs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drg 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 1 false 
drg 1 false cdr 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 3 false 
drg 1 false cdr 4 false 
drg 1 false drh 1 false 
drg 1 false drh 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 1 false 
drg 1 false drdu 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 3 false 
drg 1 false dre 1 false 
drg 1 false dre 2 false 
drg 1 false dre 3 false 
drg 1 false dri 1 false 
drg 1 false dri 2 false 
drg 1 false dri 3 false 
drg 1 false drf 1 false 
drg 1 false drf 2 false 
drg 1 false drp 1 false 
drg 1 false drp 2 false 
drg 1 false drbe 1 false 
drg 1 false drbe 2 false 
drg 1 false drs 1 false 
drg 1 false drm 1 false 
drg 1 false drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false drg 1 false 
drg 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drg 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 9 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 10 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 11 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 12 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 13 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 14 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 15 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
Printed 1726 rows from joining dragrace to dragrace
% Created bst index for table dragrace on column allstars, with 2 distinct keys
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 59 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
Printed 0 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false 
rpdr 6 false 
rpdr 7 false 
rpdr 8 false 
rpdr 9 false 
rpdr 10 false 
rpdr 11 false 
rpdr 12 false 
rpdr 13 false 
rpdr 14 false 
rpdr 15 false 
drt 1 false 
drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false 
cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false 
drh 2 false 
dre 1 false 
dre 2 false 
dre 3 false 
dri 1 false 
dri 2 false 
dri 3 false 
drf 1 false 
drf 2 false 
drp 1 false 
drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false 
drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false 
Printed 44 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars 
rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true 
drdu 2 true 
drdu 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true 
Printed 15 matching rows from dragrace
% franchise season allstars franchise season ru 
rpdr 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 5 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 6 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 6 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 6 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 6 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 6 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 6 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 7 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 7 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 7 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 7 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 7 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 7 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 8 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 8 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 8 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 8 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 8 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 8 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 9 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 9 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 9 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 9 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 9 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 9 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 10 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 10 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 10 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 10 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 10 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 10 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 11 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 11 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 11 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 11 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 11 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 11 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 12 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 12 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 12 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 12 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 12 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 12 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 13 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 13 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 13 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 13 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 13 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 13 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 14 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 14 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 14 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 14 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 14 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 14 false dreas 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drt 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 2 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 3 false 
rpdr 15 false cdr 4 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drh 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drdu 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dre 3 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 2 false 
rpdr 15 false dri 3 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drf 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drp 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbe 2 false 
rpdr 15 false drs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drm 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drbs 1 false 
rpdr 15 false drg 1 false 
rpdr 15 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdr 15 false dreas 1 false 
drt 1 false drt 1 false 
drt 1 false drt 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 1 false 
drt 1 false cdr 2 false 
drt 1 false cdr 3 false 
drt 1 false cdr 4 false 
drt 1 false drh 1 false 
drt 1 false drh 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 1 false 
drt 1 false drdu 2 false 
drt 1 false drdu 3 false 
drt 1 false dre 1 false 
drt 1 false dre 2 false 
drt 1 false dre 3 false 
drt 1 false dri 1 false 
drt 1 false dri 2 false 
drt 1 false dri 3 false 
drt 1 false drf 1 false 
drt 1 false drf 2 false 
drt 1 false drp 1 false 
drt 1 false drp 2 false 
drt 1 false drbe 1 false 
drt 1 false drbe 2 false 
drt 1 false drs 1 false 
drt 1 false drm 1 false 
drt 1 false drbs 1 false 
drt 1 false drg 1 false 
drt 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 1 false dreas 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 1 false 
drt 2 false drt 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 1 false 
drt 2 false cdr 2 false 
drt 2 false cdr 3 false 
drt 2 false cdr 4 false 
drt 2 false drh 1 false 
drt 2 false drh 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 1 false 
drt 2 false drdu 2 false 
drt 2 false drdu 3 false 
drt 2 false dre 1 false 
drt 2 false dre 2 false 
drt 2 false dre 3 false 
drt 2 false dri 1 false 
drt 2 false dri 2 false 
drt 2 false dri 3 false 
drt 2 false drf 1 false 
drt 2 false drf 2 false 
drt 2 false drp 1 false 
drt 2 false drp 2 false 
drt 2 false drbe 1 false 
drt 2 false drbe 2 false 
drt 2 false drs 1 false 
drt 2 false drm 1 false 
drt 2 false drbs 1 false 
drt 2 false drg 1 false 
drt 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drt 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 1 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 2 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 2 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 3 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 3 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 4 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 4 false dreas 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drt 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdr 4 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drh 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drdu 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dre 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false dri 3 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drf 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drp 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbe 2 false 
rpdruk 5 false drs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drm 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drbs 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false drg 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
rpdruk 5 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 1 false 
cdr 1 false drt 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 1 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 1 false drh 1 false 
cdr 1 false drh 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 1 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 1 false dre 1 false 
cdr 1 false dre 2 false 
cdr 1 false dre 3 false 
cdr 1 false dri 1 false 
cdr 1 false dri 2 false 
cdr 1 false dri 3 false 
cdr 1 false drf 1 false 
cdr 1 false drf 2 false 
cdr 1 false drp 1 false 
cdr 1 false drp 2 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 1 false drs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drm 1 false 
cdr 1 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 1 false drg 1 false 
cdr 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 1 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 1 false 
cdr 2 false drt 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 2 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 2 false drh 1 false 
cdr 2 false drh 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 2 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 2 false dre 1 false 
cdr 2 false dre 2 false 
cdr 2 false dre 3 false 
cdr 2 false dri 1 false 
cdr 2 false dri 2 false 
cdr 2 false dri 3 false 
cdr 2 false drf 1 false 
cdr 2 false drf 2 false 
cdr 2 false drp 1 false 
cdr 2 false drp 2 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 2 false drs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drm 1 false 
cdr 2 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 2 false drg 1 false 
cdr 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 2 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 1 false 
cdr 3 false drt 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 3 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 3 false drh 1 false 
cdr 3 false drh 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 3 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 3 false dre 1 false 
cdr 3 false dre 2 false 
cdr 3 false dre 3 false 
cdr 3 false dri 1 false 
cdr 3 false dri 2 false 
cdr 3 false dri 3 false 
cdr 3 false drf 1 false 
cdr 3 false drf 2 false 
cdr 3 false drp 1 false 
cdr 3 false drp 2 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 3 false drs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drm 1 false 
cdr 3 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 3 false drg 1 false 
cdr 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 3 false dreas 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 1 false 
cdr 4 false drt 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 2 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 3 false 
cdr 4 false cdr 4 false 
cdr 4 false drh 1 false 
cdr 4 false drh 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 1 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 2 false 
cdr 4 false drdu 3 false 
cdr 4 false dre 1 false 
cdr 4 false dre 2 false 
cdr 4 false dre 3 false 
cdr 4 false dri 1 false 
cdr 4 false dri 2 false 
cdr 4 false dri 3 false 
cdr 4 false drf 1 false 
cdr 4 false drf 2 false 
cdr 4 false drp 1 false 
cdr 4 false drp 2 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbe 2 false 
cdr 4 false drs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drm 1 false 
cdr 4 false drbs 1 false 
cdr 4 false drg 1 false 
cdr 4 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
cdr 4 false dreas 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 1 false 
drh 1 false drt 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 1 false 
drh 1 false cdr 2 false 
drh 1 false cdr 3 false 
drh 1 false cdr 4 false 
drh 1 false drh 1 false 
drh 1 false drh 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 1 false 
drh 1 false drdu 2 false 
drh 1 false drdu 3 false 
drh 1 false dre 1 false 
drh 1 false dre 2 false 
drh 1 false dre 3 false 
drh 1 false dri 1 false 
drh 1 false dri 2 false 
drh 1 false dri 3 false 
drh 1 false drf 1 false 
drh 1 false drf 2 false 
drh 1 false drp 1 false 
drh 1 false drp 2 false 
drh 1 false drbe 1 false 
drh 1 false drbe 2 false 
drh 1 false drs 1 false 
drh 1 false drm 1 false 
drh 1 false drbs 1 false 
drh 1 false drg 1 false 
drh 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 1 false dreas 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 1 false 
drh 2 false drt 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 1 false 
drh 2 false cdr 2 false 
drh 2 false cdr 3 false 
drh 2 false cdr 4 false 
drh 2 false drh 1 false 
drh 2 false drh 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 1 false 
drh 2 false drdu 2 false 
drh 2 false drdu 3 false 
drh 2 false dre 1 false 
drh 2 false dre 2 false 
drh 2 false dre 3 false 
drh 2 false dri 1 false 
drh 2 false dri 2 false 
drh 2 false dri 3 false 
drh 2 false drf 1 false 
drh 2 false drf 2 false 
drh 2 false drp 1 false 
drh 2 false drp 2 false 
drh 2 false drbe 1 false 
drh 2 false drbe 2 false 
drh 2 false drs 1 false 
drh 2 false drm 1 false 
drh 2 false drbs 1 false 
drh 2 false drg 1 false 
drh 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drh 2 false dreas 1 false 
dre 1 false drt 1 false 
dre 1 false drt 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 1 false 
dre 1 false cdr 2 false 
dre 1 false cdr 3 false 
dre 1 false cdr 4 false 
dre 1 false drh 1 false 
dre 1 false drh 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 1 false 
dre 1 false drdu 2 false 
dre 1 false drdu 3 false 
dre 1 false dre 1 false 
dre 1 false dre 2 false 
dre 1 false dre 3 false 
dre 1 false dri 1 false 
dre 1 false dri 2 false 
dre 1 false dri 3 false 
dre 1 false drf 1 false 
dre 1 false drf 2 false 
dre 1 false drp 1 false 
dre 1 false drp 2 false 
dre 1 false drbe 1 false 
dre 1 false drbe 2 false 
dre 1 false drs 1 false 
dre 1 false drm 1 false 
dre 1 false drbs 1 false 
dre 1 false drg 1 false 
dre 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 1 false dreas 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 1 false 
dre 2 false drt 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 1 false 
dre 2 false cdr 2 false 
dre 2 false cdr 3 false 
dre 2 false cdr 4 false 
dre 2 false drh 1 false 
dre 2 false drh 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 1 false 
dre 2 false drdu 2 false 
dre 2 false drdu 3 false 
dre 2 false dre 1 false 
dre 2 false dre 2 false 
dre 2 false dre 3 false 
dre 2 false dri 1 false 
dre 2 false dri 2 false 
dre 2 false dri 3 false 
dre 2 false drf 1 false 
dre 2 false drf 2 false 
dre 2 false drp 1 false 
dre 2 false drp 2 false 
dre 2 false drbe 1 false 
dre 2 false drbe 2 false 
dre 2 false drs 1 false 
dre 2 false drm 1 false 
dre 2 false drbs 1 false 
dre 2 false drg 1 false 
dre 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 2 false dreas 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 1 false 
dre 3 false drt 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 1 false 
dre 3 false cdr 2 false 
dre 3 false cdr 3 false 
dre 3 false cdr 4 false 
dre 3 false drh 1 false 
dre 3 false drh 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 1 false 
dre 3 false drdu 2 false 
dre 3 false drdu 3 false 
dre 3 false dre 1 false 
dre 3 false dre 2 false 
dre 3 false dre 3 false 
dre 3 false dri 1 false 
dre 3 false dri 2 false 
dre 3 false dri 3 false 
dre 3 false drf 1 false 
dre 3 false drf 2 false 
dre 3 false drp 1 false 
dre 3 false drp 2 false 
dre 3 false drbe 1 false 
dre 3 false drbe 2 false 
dre 3 false drs 1 false 
dre 3 false drm 1 false 
dre 3 false drbs 1 false 
dre 3 false drg 1 false 
dre 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dre 3 false dreas 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 1 false 
dri 1 false drt 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 1 false 
dri 1 false cdr 2 false 
dri 1 false cdr 3 false 
dri 1 false cdr 4 false 
dri 1 false drh 1 false 
dri 1 false drh 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 1 false 
dri 1 false drdu 2 false 
dri 1 false drdu 3 false 
dri 1 false dre 1 false 
dri 1 false dre 2 false 
dri 1 false dre 3 false 
dri 1 false dri 1 false 
dri 1 false dri 2 false 
dri 1 false dri 3 false 
dri 1 false drf 1 false 
dri 1 false drf 2 false 
dri 1 false drp 1 false 
dri 1 false drp 2 false 
dri 1 false drbe 1 false 
dri 1 false drbe 2 false 
dri 1 false drs 1 false 
dri 1 false drm 1 false 
dri 1 false drbs 1 false 
dri 1 false drg 1 false 
dri 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 1 false dreas 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 1 false 
dri 2 false drt 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 1 false 
dri 2 false cdr 2 false 
dri 2 false cdr 3 false 
dri 2 false cdr 4 false 
dri 2 false drh 1 false 
dri 2 false drh 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 1 false 
dri 2 false drdu 2 false 
dri 2 false drdu 3 false 
dri 2 false dre 1 false 
dri 2 false dre 2 false 
dri 2 false dre 3 false 
dri 2 false dri 1 false 
dri 2 false dri 2 false 
dri 2 false dri 3 false 
dri 2 false drf 1 false 
dri 2 false drf 2 false 
dri 2 false drp 1 false 
dri 2 false drp 2 false 
dri 2 false drbe 1 false 
dri 2 false drbe 2 false 
dri 2 false drs 1 false 
dri 2 false drm 1 false 
dri 2 false drbs 1 false 
dri 2 false drg 1 false 
dri 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 2 false dreas 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 1 false 
dri 3 false drt 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 1 false 
dri 3 false cdr 2 false 
dri 3 false cdr 3 false 
dri 3 false cdr 4 false 
dri 3 false drh 1 false 
dri 3 false drh 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 1 false 
dri 3 false drdu 2 false 
dri 3 false drdu 3 false 
dri 3 false dre 1 false 
dri 3 false dre 2 false 
dri 3 false dre 3 false 
dri 3 false dri 1 false 
dri 3 false dri 2 false 
dri 3 false dri 3 false 
dri 3 false drf 1 false 
dri 3 false drf 2 false 
dri 3 false drp 1 false 
dri 3 false drp 2 false 
dri 3 false drbe 1 false 
dri 3 false drbe 2 false 
dri 3 false drs 1 false 
dri 3 false drm 1 false 
dri 3 false drbs 1 false 
dri 3 false drg 1 false 
dri 3 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
dri 3 false dreas 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 1 false 
drf 1 false drt 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 1 false 
drf 1 false cdr 2 false 
drf 1 false cdr 3 false 
drf 1 false cdr 4 false 
drf 1 false drh 1 false 
drf 1 false drh 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 1 false 
drf 1 false drdu 2 false 
drf 1 false drdu 3 false 
drf 1 false dre 1 false 
drf 1 false dre 2 false 
drf 1 false dre 3 false 
drf 1 false dri 1 false 
drf 1 false dri 2 false 
drf 1 false dri 3 false 
drf 1 false drf 1 false 
drf 1 false drf 2 false 
drf 1 false drp 1 false 
drf 1 false drp 2 false 
drf 1 false drbe 1 false 
drf 1 false drbe 2 false 
drf 1 false drs 1 false 
drf 1 false drm 1 false 
drf 1 false drbs 1 false 
drf 1 false drg 1 false 
drf 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 1 false dreas 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 1 false 
drf 2 false drt 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 1 false 
drf 2 false cdr 2 false 
drf 2 false cdr 3 false 
drf 2 false cdr 4 false 
drf 2 false drh 1 false 
drf 2 false drh 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 1 false 
drf 2 false drdu 2 false 
drf 2 false drdu 3 false 
drf 2 false dre 1 false 
drf 2 false dre 2 false 
drf 2 false dre 3 false 
drf 2 false dri 1 false 
drf 2 false dri 2 false 
drf 2 false dri 3 false 
drf 2 false drf 1 false 
drf 2 false drf 2 false 
drf 2 false drp 1 false 
drf 2 false drp 2 false 
drf 2 false drbe 1 false 
drf 2 false drbe 2 false 
drf 2 false drs 1 false 
drf 2 false drm 1 false 
drf 2 false drbs 1 false 
drf 2 false drg 1 false 
drf 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drf 2 false dreas 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 1 false 
drp 1 false drt 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 1 false 
drp 1 false cdr 2 false 
drp 1 false cdr 3 false 
drp 1 false cdr 4 false 
drp 1 false drh 1 false 
drp 1 false drh 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 1 false 
drp 1 false drdu 2 false 
drp 1 false drdu 3 false 
drp 1 false dre 1 false 
drp 1 false dre 2 false 
drp 1 false dre 3 false 
drp 1 false dri 1 false 
drp 1 false dri 2 false 
drp 1 false dri 3 false 
drp 1 false drf 1 false 
drp 1 false drf 2 false 
drp 1 false drp 1 false 
drp 1 false drp 2 false 
drp 1 false drbe 1 false 
drp 1 false drbe 2 false 
drp 1 false drs 1 false 
drp 1 false drm 1 false 
drp 1 false drbs 1 false 
drp 1 false drg 1 false 
drp 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 1 false dreas 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 1 false 
drp 2 false drt 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 1 false 
drp 2 false cdr 2 false 
drp 2 false cdr 3 false 
drp 2 false cdr 4 false 
drp 2 false drh 1 false 
drp 2 false drh 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 1 false 
drp 2 false drdu 2 false 
drp 2 false drdu 3 false 
drp 2 false dre 1 false 
drp 2 false dre 2 false 
drp 2 false dre 3 false 
drp 2 false dri 1 false 
drp 2 false dri 2 false 
drp 2 false dri 3 false 
drp 2 false drf 1 false 
drp 2 false drf 2 false 
drp 2 false drp 1 false 
drp 2 false drp 2 false 
drp 2 false drbe 1 false 
drp 2 false drbe 2 false 
drp 2 false drs 1 false 
drp 2 false drm 1 false 
drp 2 false drbs 1 false 
drp 2 false drg 1 false 
drp 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drp 2 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 1 false 
drbe 1 false drt 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 1 false drh 1 false 
drbe 1 false drh 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 1 false dre 1 false 
drbe 1 false dre 2 false 
drbe 1 false dre 3 false 
drbe 1 false dri 1 false 
drbe 1 false dri 2 false 
drbe 1 false dri 3 false 
drbe 1 false drf 1 false 
drbe 1 false drf 2 false 
drbe 1 false drp 1 false 
drbe 1 false drp 2 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 1 false drs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drm 1 false 
drbe 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 1 false drg 1 false 
drbe 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 1 false 
drbe 2 false drt 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 2 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 3 false 
drbe 2 false cdr 4 false 
drbe 2 false drh 1 false 
drbe 2 false drh 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 1 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 2 false 
drbe 2 false drdu 3 false 
drbe 2 false dre 1 false 
drbe 2 false dre 2 false 
drbe 2 false dre 3 false 
drbe 2 false dri 1 false 
drbe 2 false dri 2 false 
drbe 2 false dri 3 false 
drbe 2 false drf 1 false 
drbe 2 false drf 2 false 
drbe 2 false drp 1 false 
drbe 2 false drp 2 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbe 2 false 
drbe 2 false drs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drm 1 false 
drbe 2 false drbs 1 false 
drbe 2 false drg 1 false 
drbe 2 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbe 2 false dreas 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 1 false 
drs 1 false drt 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drs 1 false drh 1 false 
drs 1 false drh 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drs 1 false dre 1 false 
drs 1 false dre 2 false 
drs 1 false dre 3 false 
drs 1 false dri 1 false 
drs 1 false dri 2 false 
drs 1 false dri 3 false 
drs 1 false drf 1 false 
drs 1 false drf 2 false 
drs 1 false drp 1 false 
drs 1 false drp 2 false 
drs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drs 1 false drs 1 false 
drs 1 false drm 1 false 
drs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drs 1 false drg 1 false 
drs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 1 false 
drm 1 false drt 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 1 false 
drm 1 false cdr 2 false 
drm 1 false cdr 3 false 
drm 1 false cdr 4 false 
drm 1 false drh 1 false 
drm 1 false drh 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 1 false 
drm 1 false drdu 2 false 
drm 1 false drdu 3 false 
drm 1 false dre 1 false 
drm 1 false dre 2 false 
drm 1 false dre 3 false 
drm 1 false dri 1 false 
drm 1 false dri 2 false 
drm 1 false dri 3 false 
drm 1 false drf 1 false 
drm 1 false drf 2 false 
drm 1 false drp 1 false 
drm 1 false drp 2 false 
drm 1 false drbe 1 false 
drm 1 false drbe 2 false 
drm 1 false drs 1 false 
drm 1 false drm 1 false 
drm 1 false drbs 1 false 
drm 1 false drg 1 false 
drm 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drm 1 false dreas 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 1 false 
drbs 1 false drt 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 2 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 3 false 
drbs 1 false cdr 4 false 
drbs 1 false drh 1 false 
drbs 1 false drh 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 1 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 2 false 
drbs 1 false drdu 3 false 
drbs 1 false dre 1 false 
drbs 1 false dre 2 false 
drbs 1 false dre 3 false 
drbs 1 false dri 1 false 
drbs 1 false dri 2 false 
drbs 1 false dri 3 false 
drbs 1 false drf 1 false 
drbs 1 false drf 2 false 
drbs 1 false drp 1 false 
drbs 1 false drp 2 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbe 2 false 
drbs 1 false drs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drm 1 false 
drbs 1 false drbs 1 false 
drbs 1 false drg 1 false 
drbs 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drbs 1 false dreas 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 1 false 
drg 1 false drt 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 1 false 
drg 1 false cdr 2 false 
drg 1 false cdr 3 false 
drg 1 false cdr 4 false 
drg 1 false drh 1 false 
drg 1 false drh 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 1 false 
drg 1 false drdu 2 false 
drg 1 false drdu 3 false 
drg 1 false dre 1 false 
drg 1 false dre 2 false 
drg 1 false dre 3 false 
drg 1 false dri 1 false 
drg 1 false dri 2 false 
drg 1 false dri 3 false 
drg 1 false drf 1 false 
drg 1 false drf 2 false 
drg 1 false drp 1 false 
drg 1 false drp 2 false 
drg 1 false drbe 1 false 
drg 1 false drbe 2 false 
drg 1 false drs 1 false 
drg 1 false drm 1 false 
drg 1 false drbs 1 false 
drg 1 false drg 1 false 
drg 1 false cdrcvtw 1 false 
drg 1 false dreas 1 false 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 4 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 5 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 6 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 7 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdras 8 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 1 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 1 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 2 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 2 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 9 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 10 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 11 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 12 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 13 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 14 true 
drdu 3 true rpdr 15 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 6 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 7 true 
drdu 3 true rpdras 8 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 2 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 3 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 4 true 
drdu 3 true rpdruk 5 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
drdu 3 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 9 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 10 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 11 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 12 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 13 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 14 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdr 15 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 6 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 7 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdras 8 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 2 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 3 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 4 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdruk 5 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
rpdrukvtw 2 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 9 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 10 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 11 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 12 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 13 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 14 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdr 15 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 6 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 7 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdras 8 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
cdrcvtw 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 9 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 10 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 11 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 12 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 13 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 14 true 
dreas 1 true rpdr 15 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 6 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 7 true 
dreas 1 true rpdras 8 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 2 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 3 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 4 true 
dreas 1 true rpdruk 5 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 1 true 
dreas 1 true rpdrukvtw 2 true 
Printed 1726 rows from joining dragrace to dragrace
% Thanks for being silly!
